Background and Ambitions
Daniela Juliao

Hi! My name is Daniela, 24 years old, Brazilian, architecture student. I’m studying at IIT through an exchange program of Brazil’s government. I’m in the United States since August 2013 until December 2014. It’s my first time studying/living/traveling abroad. I have gained a lot of knowledge through that experience. As an architecture student I’m strongly interested in communication as well as diverse types of media. The reason I took this Web Design class is because I love Graphic Design and I think it’s something very import for websites as well as operation. The only knowledge I have about web design is concerning to visual appearance. I want to learn all the basics stuff related to the subject.
As an architecture student I have notion of design that can be very useful to web design. I can see a website as a “building” that needs structural system, need to be functional and beautiful. The only experience I had terms of web design was using WordPress and Dreamweaver to update blogs and websites. And also creating content – like text and images – to “TI” people add to website. I have never built a website or blog since the beginning. I navigate on different websites daily – as many of people nowadays do – and know that beauty is not the only thing that matters. 
My ambitions for the class is to understand how this “world” of web design works. During the first classes I notice that to build a web page a group of tools is necessary. I really want to know each of these tools and even how to use them. I wish I can became more familiar with the basics of hardware, software and so on. From that I want also understand better the issues concerning to technology that nowadays seems so far away from me.
At IIT I hope learn as much as I can and go back to my country feeling inspired to contribute in projects and works that need to be done to improve many of our systems and also creating new things according to the local necessities. About the ambitions for my life I have many and I can summarize saying that they consist in ideas whose goal is to be useful, to do something good for people. 
To conclude, I believe that knowledge in web design can be very helpful for everyone that is engaged in any workplace especially the one related to technology and communication. I’m very hopeful that this class could contribute a lot with my professional and personal development. 